But you know, there's more to the story.
Phil didn't know just how tense things were between Tim and I.
No idea.
We never talked.
I mean, really talked about it.
Until it was too late.
We need to talk.
I think we need to seriously reconsider Phil's qualifications.
You know he's not the type of brother that...
Enough.
Enough about Phil.
I know he's your friend.
Friend.
But the body agreed that the friend...
Friend?
He's worked with us for years.
The body decided unanimously that he should no longer serve.
Because you pushed them.
Excuse me?
It's enough that we have those outside the congregation
putting pressure on us.
We do not need more in here.
Seriously, think.
The conversation.
The argument.
It was terrible.
We both said things we didn't mean.
And after that, we both handled the situation poorly.
We needed to make things right.
It wasn't easy.
But we talked it out.
And we made peace.
With Jehovah's help.
Can you imagine what it would have been like in that cell block
if we hadn't?
We finally told Phil the whole story.
Once we were all roommates.
Wow.
Let's go sing.
Our soul we see.
God's people are lit with our eyes.
We see beyond the clouds.
And know that the storm soon will see.